Successfully spent 400 million yuan on women
40 million rebates have been accounted for
Brother Zhao
You bought a bowl of pig intestines for your family
The buyer is who he is
Brother Lin haha
I'm really sorry
The sound was a little loud just now
Don't mind, little brother, I will obey your orders from now on
Hahahahahahaha what are you laughing at?
Take good care of Xiaoqing quickly
The ring is tied to me
It’s easy to arrange immediately
What are you still doing?
Let the eldest brother's woman be released as soon as possible and settled down
Did you hear that? Hahaha
Not bad. I'll hang out with this guy from now on.
OK
gambling with women
Lose money to women again
I'm lucky I could figure this out
I'm such a genius
don't worry
This one
But me
Now
But I really
Has successfully spent 400 million yuan for women
40 million rebates are now credited
Brother Zhao
You bought a bowl of pig intestines for your house.
What is the buyer?
Brother Lin haha
I am really sorry.
The sound was a little loud just now.
Do not mind, little brother, I will listen to your orders from now on
Hahahahaha what are you laughing at?
Take good care of Xiaoqing
The ring is tied for me.
OK, arrange it immediately.
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and let the big brother's woman settle down
Did you hear that hahaha
Not bad, I will follow the guy from now on
Go on
Gambling with women
Lose money to women again
I can think of this way.
I am such a genius
Do not worry.
This one
But I
Now.
But my true